Cusomizable Harvester Oregath Animation (#261)
Phobos-developers/Phobos: docs/Fixed-or-Improved-Logics.md

```

> ### Cusomizable Harvester Ore Gather Animation
> 
> - You can now specify which anim should be drawn when harvester gathering each type of ores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Cusomizable harvester ore gathering animation

- You can now specify which anim should be drawn when a harvester of specified type is gathering specified type of ore.
```

In `rulesmd.ini`:
```ini

> [SOMEHARVESTER]             ; Harvester

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[SOMETECHNO]                ; TechnoType
```

OreGath.Anims=              ; list of animations
OreGath.FramesPerDir=15     ; list of integers

> OreGath.TiberiumTypes=      ; list of TiberiumType IDs, if not set, always display the first

Reviewer: Isn't this equal to
```suggestion
OreGath.TiberiumTypes=0     ; list of TiberiumType IDs
```
?
